TODO.md, before:

# Primary list of project tasks organized by date in descending order.

## Sat 15 Nov 2025

- [ ] Determine why the program hangs; killed by 10 sec timeout. AS MP
- [ ] Review the existing argument parsing and determine whether it works for user programs having multiple arguments.  Indicate problems and propose solutions for this.  ZA
- [ ] Pass the args-none test (created by typing *make tests/userprog/args-none.result* in userprog/build. TT
- [ ] Determine how best to access user memory (manual p. 27).  Validating user addresses. HA
- [ ] Implement exit syscall.  What happens when a program ends? SK
- [ ] Syscall write needs to work. KK

## All tests we want to pass with descriptions.  Keep this list intact.  Please fill these descriptions out by reading the test/userprog/*.c files!

- [ ] args-dbl-space:	extra space in user program args
- [ ] args-many:	extra many user program args
- [ ] args-multiple:	extra serveral user program args
- [ ] args-none:	extra user program with no args
- [ ] args-single:	user program with one arg
- [ ] bad-jump2:	
- [ ] bad-jump:		
- [ ] bad-read2:	
- [ ] bad-read:		
- [ ] bad-write2:	
- [ ] bad-write:	
- [ ] close-bad-fd:	
- [ ] close-normal:	
- [ ] close-stdin:	
- [ ] close-stdout:	
- [ ] close-twice:	
- [ ] create-bad-ptr:	
- [ ] create-bound:	
- [ ] create-empty:	
- [ ] create-exists:	
- [ ] create-long:	
- [ ] create-normal:	
- [ ] create-null:	
- [ ] exec-arg:		
- [ ] exec-bad-ptr:	
- [ ] exec-bound-2:	
- [ ] exec-bound-3:	
- [ ] exec-bound:	
- [ ] exec-missing:	
- [ ] exec-multiple:	
- [ ] exec-once:	
- [ ] exit:		
- [ ] halt:		
- [ ] multi-child-fd:	
- [ ] multi-recurse:	
- [ ] null:
- [ ] open-bad-ptr:	open file with bad pointer; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-boundary:	open file with name spanning page boundard; should succeed
- [ ] open-empty:	open file with empty string name; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-missing:	open file that does not exist; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-normal:	open file that exists
- [ ] open-null:	open file that is null pointer; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-twice:	open file with same name twice; should succeed with different fds
- [ ] read-bad-fd:	
- [ ] read-bad-ptr:	
- [ ] read-boundary:	
- [ ] read-normal:	
- [ ] read-stdout:	
- [ ] read-zero:	
- [ ] rox-child:	
- [ ] rox-multichild:	
- [ ] rox-simple:	
- [ ] sc-bad-arg:	
- [ ] sc-bad-sp:	
- [ ] sc-boundary-2:	
- [ ] sc-boundary-3:	
- [ ] sc-boundary:	
- [ ] wait-bad-pid:	
- [ ] wait-killed:	
- [ ] wait-simple:	
- [ ] wait-twice:	
- [ ] write-bad-fd:	give bad file descripter; should exit==-1
- [ ] write-bad-ptr:	give a bad pointer to write; should exit==-1
- [ ] write-boundary:	write when data spans two pages in VA space
- [ ] write-normal:	create and write a simple file
- [ ] write-stdin:	write to stdin
- [ ] write-zero:	write no bytes to file, doesn't return 0

Commit message:

Update TODO.md with more info on expected test outputs

TODO.md, after:

# Primary list of project tasks organized by date in descending order.

## Sat 15 Nov 2025

- [ ] Determine why the program hangs; killed by 10 sec timeout. AS MP
- [ ] Review the existing argument parsing and determine whether it works for user programs having multiple arguments.  Indicate problems and propose solutions for this.  ZA
- [ ] Pass the args-none test (created by typing *make tests/userprog/args-none.result* in userprog/build. TT
- [ ] Determine how best to access user memory (manual p. 27).  Validating user addresses. HA
- [ ] Implement exit syscall.  What happens when a program ends? SK
- [ ] Syscall write needs to work. KK

## All tests we want to pass with descriptions.  Keep this list intact.  Please fill these descriptions out by reading the test/userprog/*.c files!

- [ ] args-dbl-space:	extra space in user program args
- [ ] args-many:	extra many user program args
- [ ] args-multiple:	extra serveral user program args
- [ ] args-none:	extra user program with no args
- [ ] args-single:	user program with one arg
- [ ] bad-jump2:	
- [ ] bad-jump:		
- [ ] bad-read2:	
- [ ] bad-read:		
- [ ] bad-write2:	
- [ ] bad-write:	
- [ ] close-bad-fd:	
- [ ] close-normal:	close an opened file
- [ ] close-stdin:	try to close stdin; should fail
- [ ] close-stdout:	try to close stdout; should fail
- [ ] close-twice:	
- [ ] create-bad-ptr:	create file will bad ptr; should fail exit==-1
- [ ] create-bound:	
- [ ] create-empty:	create file with "" as filename; should it succeed?
- [ ] create-exists:	try to create filename that exists; should file
- [ ] create-long:	try to create with too long fileame; fails with exit==-1
- [ ] create-normal:	usual creation
- [ ] create-null:	create file will null ptr; should fail exit==-1
- [ ] exec-arg:		
- [ ] exec-bad-ptr:	
- [ ] exec-bound-2:	
- [ ] exec-bound-3:	
- [ ] exec-bound:	
- [ ] exec-missing:	
- [ ] exec-multiple:	
- [ ] exec-once:	
- [ ] exit:	terminate current user program; returns status arg to kernel (0 for success)
- [ ] halt:	shutdown pintos; may lose state info
- [ ] multi-child-fd:	
- [ ] multi-recurse:	
- [ ] null:
- [ ] open-bad-ptr:	open file with bad pointer; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-boundary:	open file with name spanning page boundard; should succeed
- [ ] open-empty:	open file with empty string name; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-missing:	open file that does not exist; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-normal:	open file that exists
- [ ] open-null:	open file that is null pointer; should exit==-1
- [ ] open-twice:	open file with same name twice; should succeed with different fds
- [ ] read-bad-fd:	
- [ ] read-bad-ptr:	
- [ ] read-boundary:	
- [ ] read-normal:	
- [ ] read-stdout:	
- [ ] read-zero:	
- [ ] rox-child:	
- [ ] rox-multichild:	
- [ ] rox-simple:	
- [ ] sc-bad-arg:	
- [ ] sc-bad-sp:	
- [ ] sc-boundary-2:	
- [ ] sc-boundary-3:	
- [ ] sc-boundary:	
- [ ] wait-bad-pid:	
- [ ] wait-killed:	
- [ ] wait-simple:	
- [ ] wait-twice:	
- [ ] write-bad-fd:	give bad file descripter; should exit==-1
- [ ] write-bad-ptr:	give a bad pointer to write; should exit==-1
- [ ] write-boundary:	write when data spans two pages in VA space
- [ ] write-normal:	create and write a simple file
- [ ] write-stdin:	write to stdin
- [ ] write-zero:	write no bytes to file, doesn't return 0
